DOC-379 Migrate PO tutorials (#298)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/tutorials/pages/operator-tutorial-tls.adoc

= Configure TLS with Platform Operator
:github-directory: https://github.com/hazelcast-guides/hazelcast-platform-operator-tls
:description: Learn how to secure Hazelcast cluster with TLS and Hazelcast Platform Operator.

{description}

== Overview

In this tutorial, you'll do the following:

- Create a Kubernetes Secret with a TLS certificate and key

- Deploy a Hazelcast cluster with TLS (mTLS) encryption enforced between members

- Deploy Management Center to monitor your Hazelcast cluster

- Connect to your cluster using TLS to encrypt member-to-client network traffic

The tutorial should take approximately 10 minutes to complete. 

== Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure that you have:

* An up and running https://kubernetes.io/[Kubernetes] cluster
* Kubernetes command-line tool, https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl[kubectl]
* Deployed xref:operator:ROOT:get-started.adoc[Hazelcast Platform Operator version 5.8 or above]

> * OpenSSL command-line tool, https://www.openssl.org/[openssl]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OpenSSL command-line tool, https://www.openssl.org/[openssl]
* The Hazelcast Code Samples repository https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-code-samples cloned to your local machine
```

Maybe we should add this as a prerequisite to all the tutorials?

EOF
----

. Check cluster status:
+
[source, shell]
----
kubectl get hazelcast hazelcast
NAME        STATUS    MEMBERS
hazelcast   Running   3/3
----

. Fetch external addresses of the cluster:
+
[source, shell]
----
kubectl get hazelcastendpoint --selector="app.kubernetes.io/instance=hazelcast"
NAME            TYPE        ADDRESS
hazelcast       Discovery   35.184.21.18:5701
hazelcast-0     Member      35.188.131.33:5701
hazelcast-1     Member      34.122.242.55:5701
hazelcast-2     Member      35.194.44.37:5701
hazelcast-wan   WAN         35.184.21.18:5710
----

== Deploy Management Center

Enabling TLS for a Hazelcast cluster adds an essential layer of security to protect data during communication. When TLS is enabled, all clients, including the Management Center, must be configured with the appropriate TLS certificates to establish a secure connection with the Hazelcast cluster.

Apply the Management Center custom resource:

[source, yaml]
----
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
include::templates:ROOT:example$/platform-operator/hazelcast-platform-operator-tls/docs/modules/ROOT/examples/managementcenter.yaml[]
EOF
----

== Connect to Hazelcast cluster over TLS

> . Clone the examples repository to access all sample clients:
> +
> [source, shell]
> ----
> git clone https://github.com/hazelcast-guides/hazelcast-platform-operator-tls.git
> cd hazelcast-platform-operator-tls
> ----
> +
> The sample code(excluding CLC) for this tutorial is in the link:https://github.com/hazelcast-guides/hazelcast-platform-operator-tls/tree/master/docs/modules/ROOT/examples[`docs/modules/ROOT/examples/`] directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open the examples folder to access all sample clients:
+
[source, shell]
----
cd hazelcast-platform-operator-tls
----
+
The sample code (excluding CLC) for this tutorial is in the link:https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-code-samples/tree/master/platform-operator/hazelcast-platform-operator-tls/tree/master/docs/modules/ROOT/examples[`docs/modules/ROOT/examples/`] directory.
```
